clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_pueblo
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_piman
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_shoshone
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_kiowa
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_creek
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_choctaw
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_chickasaw
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_yoron
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_natchez
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_yamasee
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_shawnee
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_illini
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_miami
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_anishinabe
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_algonquin
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_cree
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_innu
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_mesquakie
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_delaware
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_abenaki
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_mikmaq
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_maliseet
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_mahican
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_powhatan
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_pequot
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_massachusset
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_iroquois
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_cherokee
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_huron
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_laurentian
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_tionontate
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_susquehannock
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_dakota
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_nakota
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_chiwere
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_osage
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_yuchi
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_catawba
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_cheyenne
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_blackfoot
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_arapaho
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_plains_cree
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_bungi
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_wichita
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_caddo
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_pawnee
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_chipewyan
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_haida
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_athabascan
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_salish
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_chinook
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_yokuts
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_aleutian
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_inuit
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_arawak
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_maipurean
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_carib
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_guajiro
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_apache
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_mescalero
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_lipan
clr_province_flag = nat_original_culture_navajo
